Documentation improvement, write a section about nested template extends. (#1011)
pallets/jinja: docs/templates.rst

    {% endblock %}

Nesting template extends.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> In the case of multiple levels of %extends, the childmost {% block %} substitutes into the parent template. For instance,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of multiple levels of ``{% extends %}``,
``super`` references may be chained (as in ``super.super``)
to walk up the inheritance tree.

For example::
```

Reviewer: > the childmost {% block %} substitutes into the parent template

- missing double-backticks around `{% blocks %}`
- I find the reference to "parent template" potentially unclear when there is a 3-level tree. Whose parent? If the childmost template's, s/the/its would clarify.
- Isn't the chainability of `super` references the motivation behind this PR / shouldn't it be mentioned here?

::

    #a1.tmpl
    From A1: {% block body %} Want-this-to-be-included. {% endblock %}

    #a2.tmpl
    {% extends "a1.tmpl" %}
    {% block body %} Want-this-to-be-skipped. {{super()}} {% endblock %}

    #a3.tmpl
    {% extends "a2.tmpl" %}
    {% block body %} Some text {% endblock %}

    #a4.tmpl
    {% extends "a2.tmpl" %}

>     {% block body %} From A4: {{super.super()}} {% endblock %}

Reviewer: This example is a great start. I wonder if it can be made any more minimal in such a way that it increases clarity.

> Rendering `a2.tmpl` will output `From A1: Want-this-to-be-skipped`. The text `Want-this-to-be-included.` is rendered because the `super()` call render as the text from the parent template into the block, which will then be substitute into topmost template.

Reviewer: All the other lines in these docs wrap at 78 characters.

> Rendering `a3.tmpl` will output `From A1: Some Text`. We substitute the block text into the parent template.

Reviewer: The single backticks have no effect, rst uses double-backticks.
